# WeMol Module Basic Information Statistics

## 1. 2D Similarity Search

The 2D Similarity Search module is a tool based on molecular fingerprints for 2D similarity search. Firstly, the fingerprint bit-vector or vector string of the template small molecule is calculated based on the fingerprint types (Maccs Key, pharmacophore ﬁngerprints, extended connectivity fingerprints). Then, the fingerprint bit-vector or vector string is used for molecular similarity search in the selected public library or private library, and the small molecules that are similar (or dissimilar) to the template molecule are obtained.

## 2. 3-letter AA Conversion

Convert 3-letter amino acids to 1-letter amino acid. E.g., ""ASP ILE VAL ASN"" will be converted to -> ""DIVQ"".

## 3. 3D Conf Generation (AlphaConf)

AlphaConf is a super fast 3D conformation search and generation engine. Machine learning models for bond lengths/angles based on millions of high-quality data in PubChemQC. A new way of defining restriction structure fragments is developed to generate the three-dimensional conformation of molecules, and the accuracy is better than similar algorithms. By adopting the non-repetitive conformation generation method, a lot of computation time is saved, and the computation speed is much faster than similar algorithms. The unique and efficient conformation compression technology reduces the storage space by 400-800 times compared with similar algorithms and is suitable for the construction of ultra-large-scale 3D conformation libraries and ultra-high-throughput virtual screening.

## 4. AA Probability Prediction

Leveraging pre-trained large-scale protein language models, otherwise known as PLMs or pLLMs, there emerges the capacity to forecast the likelihood of each of the twenty amino acids appearing at any given position within a sequence. Comparable to the structurally conservative amino acids found in evolution, those with high probability predictions from the language model are beneficial in enhancing the protein's stability, fostering more efficient protein folding, augmenting its expression capacity, and potentially elevating its affinity. By comparison, this implies an intrinsic advantage over haphazardly induced mutations.

## 5. AC2SDF

The AC2SDF module is used to convert the compressed binary conformation file AC.GZ generated by the AlphaConf module into an SDF file for easier viewing.

## 6. ADMET Prediction

ADMET Prediction based on Communicative Message Passing Neural Network. CMPNN improves molecular embedding by strengthening the message interactions between nodes and edges through a communicative kernel. In addition, the message generation process is enriched by introducing a new message booster module.

## 7. ADMET Prediction (v2)

ADMET Prediction (v2) is a machine learning-based module for predicting the ADMET properties of small molecules. It enables rapid batch predictions of ADMET properties and supports four common and efficient machine learning algorithms: Graph Attention Neural Network (GAT), Light Gradient Boosting Machine (LightGBM), Random Forest, and Gradient Boosting Machine (GBM). The module supports two methods for molecular feature representation: molecular fingerprints and molecular descriptors, allowing for quick batch predictions on libraries of small molecule compounds. It supports 27 ADMET properties, including 7 regression models and 20 classification models. Module select the ideal machine learning algorithm and molecular characterization method based on the predictive performance data provided in the documentation.

## 8. Absolute Folding Stability

The Absolute Folding Stability Prediction module predicts the absolute stability ΔG of proteins using the protein sequence generation model ESM-IF. When tested on collected datasets, the model exhibited a prediction error with an RMSE of approximately 1.5 kcal/mol and a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.7. This advancement reduces the cost of obtaining protein stability ΔG through experimental methods such as CD and fluorescence quantitative PCR, making a significant breakthrough in computationally predicting the folding stability ΔG of proteins.

## 9. Aggregation Score

Aggregation Scores is designed for the rational design of protein solubility and aggregation tendency in protein structures. It allows researchers to predict aggregation-prone sites in proteins by considering both sequence and structure. This is particularly useful for globular proteins, where aggregation-prone sites may be buried within the native structure and the sequence may be discontinuous. By considering experimental aggregation propensity scales of natural amino acids, this method can accurately predict protein aggregation tendency.

## 10. Alanine Scan

Alanine scanning involves mutating each residue of a protein to Ala and calculating the resulting change in free energy. It is useful for rapid scanning because polar interactions and steric hindrance within the residue will be disrupted upon mutation to Ala.

## 11. Alanine Scan (MMPBSA v2)

Alanine Scan (MMPBSA) calculates components of binding free energy after alanine mutation using the MM-PBSA method.

## 12. Alanine Scan (MMPBSA)

Alanine Scan (MMPBSA) calculates components of binding free energy after alanine mutation using the MM-PBSA method.

## 13. AlphaAutoMD (GMX2023 v2)

The AlphaAutoMD module is a fully automated molecular dynamics module, which enables fast submit an MD job using a PDB file. This module integrates MD PDB Prepare, Protein Protonation, GMX Receptor Parameterization, GMX Ligand Parameterization, MD Solvation, GMX MD Run, and RMS.

## 14. AlphaAutoMD (GMX2023)

The AlphaAutoMD module is a fully automated molecular dynamics module, which enables fast submit an MD job using a PDB file. This module integrates MD PDB Prepare, Protein Protonation, GMX Receptor Parameterization, GMX Ligand Parameterization, MD Solvation, GMX MD Run, and RMS.

## 15. AlphaShape

AlphaShape is a molecular shape and pharmacophore-based virtual screening module. The AlphaShape algorithm performs virtual screening or protein structure search based on the three-dimensional similarity of molecules on the basis of three-dimensional conformation. By combining the Gaussian function and the deep neural network model, the calculation accuracy achieves SOTA.

## 16. Antibody (Off-) Target Prediction

Structure similarity-based antibody (Off-) target prediction from antibody-antigen interaction database.

## 17. Antibody Design (MEAN)

Antibody Design (MEAN) module is implemented based on the MEAN model, which utilizes a multi-channel equivariant graph attention network. It can be used to design the one-dimensional sequence and three-dimensional structure of CDRs.

## 18. Antibody Fv Humanness

Score humanness for antibody Fv sequence using deep learning models. The Humanness Score is an indexed number from 0 (non-human) to 1 (human), trained using billions of antibody Fv sequences from NGS studies.

## 19. Antibody Fv Structure Prediction (IgFold)

IgFold, a fast deep learning method for antibody structure prediction. IgFold consists of a pre-trained language model trained on 558M natural antibody sequences followed by graph networks that directly predict backbone atom coordinates. IgFold predicts structures of similar or better quality than alternative methods (including AlphaFold) in significantly less time (under one minute).

## 20. Antibody Mutation Analysis

Antibody Mutation Analysis is a DeepAb-based novel mutant scoring metric derived from network confidence, the top-ranked mutations improve binding affinity. This model will be helpful for a broad range of antibody prediction and design tasks.

## 21. Antibody Numbering

Antibody Numbering is a module for antibody numbering for variable regions and constant regions. Mainstream numbering schemes are supported, e.g., Kabat, Chothia, and IMGT are widely used for Fv, and EU is the most used scheme for the constant region.

## 22. Antibody Numbering v2

Antibody Numbering v2 is a module for antibody numbering for variable regions and constant regions. Mainstream numbering schemes are supported, e.g., Kabat, Chothia, and IMGT are widely used for Fv, and EU is the most used scheme for the constant region.

## 23. Antibody Paratope Prediction

Predict the amino acid sites on an antibody that bind to an antigen, known as the Paratope. The algorithm is based on a deep learning model using an isomorphic graph neural network, trained and predicted on antibody structures, and has the highest prediction accuracy among existing methods.

## 24. Antibody RMSD

The Antibody RMSD module performs a CDR region-based structure superposition of the reference antibody and other CDR identical antibody structures, and calculates the RMSD value of the CDR region.

## 25. Antibody Sequence Prediction (AbLang)

Language models trained on the antibody sequences in the OAS database have the power of predicting or restoring missing residues in antibody sequences.

## 26. Antibody Sequence Prediction (IgLM)

The Antibody Sequence Prediction (IgLM) module is designed for the generation and optimization of antibody sequences, utilizing the Observed Antibody Space (OAS) to collect antibody sequences. The OAS database contains natural antibody sequences from six species: humans, mice, rats, rabbits, rhesus monkeys, and camels. To investigate the impact of model capacity, two versions of the model were trained: IgLM and IgLM-S, with 13 million and 1.4 million training parameters, respectively. Both IgLM models were trained on 5.58 million non-redundant sequences, clustered based on 95% similarity. During training, 10 to 20 residues in the antibody sequences were randomly masked to enable diversification of arbitrary spans during inference. Additionally, constraints were applied to the chain type (heavy chain or light chain) and the originating species of the sequences, providing a framework to control the generation of species-specific antibody sequences. This method has been shown to produce full-length heavy and light chain sequences from various species, as well as improved developability for filling CDR loop libraries. The method serves as a powerful tool for antibody design and can be applied to various antibody sequence design scenarios.

## 27. Antibody Viscosity Prediction

Viscosity is an important factor affecting the development of antibody drugs. Clinically, antibodies often need to be administered intravenously or subcutaneously, requiring a high concentration of antibody solution (>100mg/mL) to obtain a therapeutic dose at a small dose. However, high concentrations of antibodies often exhibit high viscosity, which poses a challenge to the development, manufacture and administration of antibody drugs. It has been found that antibody sequence is the key factor to determine antibody viscosity. It has been reported that antibody viscosity is correlated with charge in Fv region, charge asymmetry in VH and VL region, FvCSP, and hydrophobic index HI in Fv region. It is an effective method to predict antibody viscosity based on antibody sequence.

## 28. Antibody-Antigen Docking (HADDOCK)

HADDOCK v3.0 is a bottom-up reimagination of the long standing time-proven HADDOCK used for integrative modeling of biomolecular complexes. This young and still very experimental (use it at your own risk!) aims to modularize and extend HADDOCK’s core functions. In its current implementation, HADDOCK v3.0 still lacks the full repertoire of features present at the production web server version, HADDOCK v2.4. However it is able to take full advantage of the ambiguous interaction restraints (AIRs) to drive the docking process.

## 29. Back Mutation Grouping

Back Mutation Grouping is a grouping module in the antibody humanization design workflow, which groups the back mutations based on the mutation scoring table generated by the Mutation Score module and returns the back mutated sequence.

## 30. Back Mutation Grouping (v2.3)

Back Mutation Grouping is a grouping module in the antibody humanization design workflow, which groups the back mutations based on the mutation scoring table generated by the Mutation Score module and returns the back mutated sequence.

## 31. Back Mutation Grouping (v2.4)

Back Mutation Grouping is a grouping module in the antibody humanization design workflow, which groups the back mutations based on the mutation scoring table generated by the Mutation Score module and returns the back mutated sequence.

## 32. Batch Renaming

Batch Renaming module was designed to molecule rename for chemical library. User could standardize the molecule name using prefix and defined length. For example, rename a library start from WCP0001 to WCP9999, user could input prefix with WCP and length of 4. User also could preserve the previous name using --keeptitle parameter to preserve the relations between names. This module could use for customized molecules naming in a large de novo library or a user private chemical library.

## 33. CIF2PDB

The CIF2PDB module is based on BioPython to convert mmCIF files into PDB files.

## 34. Cleavage Site Prediction

Predict protein cleavage sites for eight commonly used proteases (trypsin, ArgC, chymotrypsin, GluC, LysC, AspN, LysN, and LysargiNase).

## 35. Codon Optimization

Codon optimization can be used for optimizing codons (i.e., the genetic code) for the automated oligonucleotide design of gene synthesis based on PCR. The availability of whole genome sequences has greatly increased the number of protein targets, many of which need to be overexpressed in cells outside of their native DNA source. Synthetic genes can be optimized for expression and constructed to be easily mutagenized without consideration for the parental genome. However, designing and constructing synthetic genes, particularly those encoding large proteins, can be a slow, difficult, and confusing process. This module automatically designs oligonucleotides for gene synthesis using a PCR-based approach.

## 36. Complex Interface Analysis

Complex Interface Analysis module is designed for identifying the residues on the interface of a structure complex.

## 37. Cyclic Peptide Design

The Cyclic Peptide Design module uses the cyclic peptide design algorithm AfCycDesign developed by the research groups of Sergey Ovchinnikov at Harvard University and Gaurav Bhardwaj at the University of Washington. Cyclic Peptide Design uses AlphaFold modified network for accurate structure prediction and design of cyclic peptides. Results show this approach can accurately predict the structures of native cyclic peptides from a single sequence, with 36 out of 49 cases predicted with high confidence (pLDDT > 0.85) matching the native structure with root mean squared deviation (RMSD) less than 1.5 Å. Redesign of macrocyclic backbone sequences using AlphaFold resulted in seven sequences with different sizes and structures that matched the X-ray crystal structures very closely.

## 38. Cyclic Peptide Structure Prediction

Cyclic Peptide Structure Prediction module uses the sequence of linear peptides to generate the structure of a cyclic peptide.

## 39. De novo Generation

REINVENT is a method to tune a sequence-based generative model for molecular de novo design that through augmented episodic likelihood can learn to generate structures with certain specified desirable properties. We demonstrate how this model can execute a range of tasks such as generating analogues to a query structure and generating compounds predicted to be active against a biological target. As a proof of principle, the model is first trained to generate molecules that do not contain sulphur. As a second example, the model is trained to generate analogues to the drug Celecoxib, a technique that could be used for scaffold hopping or library expansion starting from a single molecule. Finally, when tuning the model towards generating compounds predicted to be active against the dopamine receptor type 2, the model generates structures of which more than 95% are predicted to be active, including experimentally confirmed actives that have not been included in either the generative model nor the activity prediction model.

## 40. De novo Generation (Moses)

De novo Generation (Moses) is a deep learning-based molecular generation module, which implements various mainstream molecular generation models, including character-level recurrent neural networks, variational autoencoders, and adversarial autoencoders.

## 41. De novo Generation (REINVENT4)

Small molecule de novo generation based on REINVENT4. REINVENT 4 enables and facilitates de novo design, R-group replacement, library design, linker design, scaffold hopping and molecule optimization.

## 42. De-immunization Design

Introduce progressively increasing mutations on sequences with immunogenicity to reduce or eliminate immunogenicity. This module is usually not used alone and is generally used in combination with AlphaMHC. For automated de-immunization, please use the De-immunization Design process.

## 43. Descriptors (RDKit)

Calculate 2D/3D molecular descriptors for molecules and write them out to a SD or CSV/TSV text file. 2D descriptors: Autocorr2D, MolWt, Ipc, NumRotatableBonds, qed, etc. 3D descriptors: Autocorr3D, RadiusOfGyration, Eccentricity, etc. (See the documentation for more descriptors). And FragmentCountOnly descriptors: fr_Al_COO, fr_Al_OH, fr_Al_OH_noTert, etc.

## 44. Disulfide Bond Search

Disulfide Bond Search module calculates potential disulfide bond locations in proteins, which is useful for optimizing protein stability. Disulfide bond plays a great role in the stability of protein, but the addition of unreasonable disulfide bond will easily lead to aggregation, expression reduction and even misfolding.

## 45. Diverse Subset

Pick a subset of diverse molecules based on a variety of 2D fingerprints using MaxMin or an available hierarchical clustering methodology and write them to a file. The Dice and Tanimoto similarity functions available in RDKit are able to handle fingerprints corresponding to both IntVect and BitVect. All other similarity functions, however, expect BitVect fingerprints to calculate pairwise similarity. Consequently, ExplicitBitVect fingerprints are generated for AtomPairs, Morgan, MorganFeatures, and TopologicalTorsions for similarity calculations instead of default IntVect fingerprints.

## 46. Duplicates Removal

Duplicates Removal modules identify and remove duplicate molecules based on canonical SMILES strings or simply count the number of duplicate molecules.

## 47. Electrostatic Potential Calculation (APBS)

Calculate the electrostatic potential energy of biomolecular structures using the APBS method and generate surface plots. To visualize the surface maps, execute this function from the structure editor WeView: WeView->Analysis->Electrostatics.

## 48. Enumerate Stereoisomers

Enumerate Stereoisomers is a tool for performing a combinatorial enumeration of stereoisomers for molecules around all or unassigned chiral atoms and bonds. cis-trans isomer and optical isomer are supported.

## 49. Evaluate Nucleic Acid (AlphaRNA)

The Evaluate Nucleic Acid (AlphaRNA) module is used to evaluate the expression and half-life of nucleic acid sequences, antibody titers, etc. Support human, mouse, rat, pig and other species.

## 50. Extract Fv Sequence

Extract Fv Sequence is a tool for Extracting the Fv region sequence from antibody full-length sequence.

## 51. Extract Sequence from Structure (PDB2FASTA)

Extracts the protein sequences in a PDB file to FASTA. Amino acids are represented by their one-letter code while all others are represented by 'X'.

## 52. FASTA File

FASTA File is a module for specifying fasta file which could used for other modules input.

## 53. File

File is a module for specifying file path which could be used for multiple modules.

## 54. Format Conversion (Open Babel)

Open Babel is a chemical toolbox designed to speak the many languages of chemical data. It's an open, collaborative project allowing anyone to search, convert, analyze, or store data from molecular modeling, chemistry, solid-state materials, biochemistry, or related areas.

## 55. Format Conversion (RDKit)

Format Conversion (RDKit) is a molecular file format conversion tool based on RDKit.

## 56. Free Energy Surface Analysis

Free energy surface analysis for PLUMED based metadynamics.

## 57. GMX Ligand Parameterization

Generate mol2, gro, and itp files for ligand in molecular dynamics using Gromacs.

## 58. GMX MD Run (GMX2023)

GMX MD Run (GMX2023) runs a Gromacs MD task using the prepared system topology and parameter files.

## 59. GMX MDP Generation (Auto)

The GMX MDP Generation (Auto) module is mainly based on the selected system (membrane, receptor, ligand) to automatically generate the MDP file required for the molecular dynamics simulation process. This file is the input file required for the Gromacs molecular dynamics simulation, which contains various parameters. To set more detailed parameters, go to the Minimize MDP Generation, NPT MDP Generation, MD MDP Generation module.

## 60. GMX Membrane Parameterization

The GMX Membrane Parameterization module is the GRO, ITP and TOP file that generates the membrane structure according to Amber or Charmm.

## 61. GMX Metadynamics Generation

The GMX Metadynamics Generation module is used to generate input files for Metadynamics simulations.

## 62. GMX Receptor Parameterization

Generate gro, itp, and top files for receptor (protein or nucleic acid) for molecular dynamics using Gromacs.

## 63. Gene Enrichment (DAVID)

Gene Enrichment (DAVID) is a gene function enrichment analysis module based on DAVID. DAVID is a bioinformatics database that integrates biological data and analysis tools, providing systematic and comprehensive biological functional annotation information for large-scale gene or protein lists.

## 64. Generate Humanized Variants

Generate humanized variant sequences based on the Grafting and Back Mutation Grouping results.

## 65. Germline AA Distribution Frequency

Germline AA Distribution Frequency module outputs the amino acid frequency distribution of the germline at each position of the antibody. It can output the distribution separately according to the specified germline gene family (usually focusing on the frequency distribution of the germline genes in the same family as the target sequence).

## 66. Germline Blast

Based on IgBlastp, the Germline Blast module will search for the homologous template closest to the target antibody sequence in the IMGT reference sequences database through sequence alignment and output the corresponding template sequence and sequence consistency. The default sequence types searched in the database are: IMGT V genes (F+ORF+in-frame P).

## 67. Grafting (v2)

Graft antibody CDRs to target frameworks, normally for humanization.

## 68. Grafting (v2.1)

Graft antibody CDRs to target frameworks, normally for humanization. Version: v2.1

## 69. Grafting (v2.2)

Graft antibody CDRs to target frameworks, normally for humanization. Version: v2.2

## 70. Grafting (v2.3)

Graft antibody CDRs to target frameworks, normally for humanization. Version: v2.3

## 71. Grafting (v2.4)

Graft antibody CDRs to target frameworks, normally for humanization. Version: v2.4

## 72. Homology Modeling (Protein)

Homology or comparative modeling of protein three-dimensional structures. Users provide a sequence to be modeled and compare it with known related structures. Protein structure modeling is performed by satisfying spatial constraint conditions, as well as many other tasks, including novel modeling of loops in protein structures, optimization of various protein structure models for flexibly defined objective functions, multiple alignments of protein sequences and/or structures, clustering, searching sequence databases, and comparing protein structures.

## 73. Homology Tree

The Homology Tree module is used to generate homologous evolutionary trees.

## 74. Human Antibody BLAST

BLAST human antibody database for homologs, which currently contains over one billion sequences, from over 75 different studies. These repertoires cover diverse immune states and individuals from humans. Submit an antibody sequence, and homologous human antibody sequences will be returned and could be used for advanced antibody humanization, affinity maturation, de-immunization, etc.

## 75. Human Fragment BLAST

The Human Fragment BLAST is based on inputs of 9 peptides, searching the Germline, TCR, NextProt, OAS for the most similar 9 peptides.

## 76. Human Germline BLAST

Search the human germline database for homologs of the target antibody sequence, and output the template sequences and the corresponding identities.

## 77. Human Germline BLAST (v2.0)

Search the human germline database for homologs of the target antibody sequence, and output the template sequences and the corresponding identities.

## 78. Humanization Report

Humanization Report is an antibody humanization design reporting module for Generating the humanization design reports as well as patent example paragraphs.

## 79. Humanization Report (v2.3)

Humanization Report is an antibody humanization design reporting module for Generating the humanization design reports as well as patent example paragraphs.

## 80. Humanization Report (v2.4)

Humanization Report is an antibody humanization design reporting module for Generating the humanization design reports as well as patent example paragraphs. Compared with v2.3, RMSD and energy information are added.

## 81. IgG Modeling

IgG Modeling module performs modeling on the full-length sequence of antibodies to construct the complete three-dimensional structure of IgG, supporting both monospecific and bispecific antibodies. It automatically identifies the variable region (Fv) sequences within the full-length sequence and models them using state-of-the-art methods (currently ESMFold). The remaining parts of the IgG, including the Fc and linker, are modeled using homology modeling based on the crystal structures of known full-length antibodies as templates, with spatial constraints. This approach yields better results than directly predicting the complete IgG structure using methods like AF2.

## 82. Immune Protein Structure Prediction

Immune Protein Structure Prediction module is based on ImmuneBuilder. ImmuneBuilder is a set of deep learning models that accurately predict the structure of antibodies (ABodyBuilder2), NanoBodyBuilder2, and T-cell receptors (TCRBuilder2). ImmuneBuilder generates structures with state-of-the-art precision while being much faster than AlphaFold2.

## 83. Immunogenicity Prediction (AlphaMHC v2.0)

The AlphaMHC algorithm utilizes popular NLP natural language processing technology and a novel multimodal fusion deep neural network architecture. It integrates nearly one billion publicly and privately available wet lab experimental data related to immunogenicity (including affinity data, NGS data, mass spectrometry data, etc.) for training. It successfully achieves end-to-end prediction of immunogenicity risk from sequence to clinical application and has been validated using over a hundred clinical real-world immunogenicity data from FDA and EMA (including mono-/multi-specific antibodies and recombinant proteins). AlphaMHC can accurately distinguish between high and low immunogenicity, with an ROC-AUC of 0.87 and an accuracy of over 80% (up to 91% for some test sets). It exhibits significantly superior predictive performance compared to existing methods and is the only algorithm known to have been validated with clinical data.

## 84. Immunogenicity Prediction (AlphaMHC v3.0 beta)

The AlphaMHC algorithm employs popular NLP (Natural Language Processing) techniques and a novel multi-modal fusion deep neural network architecture. It integrates nearly one billion wet lab data points related to immunogenicity (including affinity data, NGS data, mass spectrometry data, etc.) for training, achieving end-to-end prediction from sequence to clinical immunogenicity risk. This has been validated with hundreds of real clinical immunogenicity data points from the FDA and EMA (including mono- and multi-specific antibodies, recombinant proteins, etc.). This version is the latest and has been tested primarily with clinical ADA data from antibodies, achieving an accuracy of 90% and an AUC of 0.91. Its performance surpasses that of version 2.0, and it is recommended for trial.

## 85. Immunogenicity Prediction (WeADApt v4.1.0)

Internal test version of WeComput independently developed latest immunogenicity prediction algorithm: AlphaMHC v4.1.0 beta.

## 86. MD (GMX2024)

GMX MD Run (GMX2024) runs a Gromacs MD task using the prepared system topology and parameter files.

## 87. MD Clustering

MD Clustering is a clustering analysis of dynamic trajectories.

## 88. MD Clustering (v2)

MD Clustering is a clustering analysis of dynamic trajectories.

## 89. MD Distance

MD Distance is a distance analysis module that outputs the distance changes between two groups (center of mass distance or geometric center distance) over time.

## 90. MD Distance (v2)

MD Distance is a distance analysis module that outputs the distance changes between two groups (center of mass distance or geometric center distance) over time.

## 91. MD Gyration

MD Gyration cycloidal radius analysis, which can be used to measure the average radius of pledge during system simulation.

## 92. MD Gyration (v2)

MD Gyration cycloidal radius analysis, which can be used to measure the average radius of pledge during system simulation.

## 93. MD Hbond

MD Hbond for hydrogen bond analysis between specified groups.

## 94. MD Hbond (v2)

MD Hbond for hydrogen bond analysis between specified groups.

## 95. MD MDP Generation

Generate final Gromacs MD production MDP file.

## 96. MD PCA

MD PCA (Principal component analysis) module can analyze the main influencing factors (eigenvectors) from the high-dimensional data. The first few eigenvectors (principal components, such as PC1 and PC2 for the first two principal components) can generally describe most of the information about molecular motion. The motion path of a flexible large system with N atoms, such as protein, needs 3N Cartesian coordinates to describe, so it is difficult to understand and intuitively analyze the high-dimensional data.

## 97. MD PCA (v2)

MD PCA (Principal component analysis) module can analyze the main influencing factors (eigenvectors) from the high-dimensional data. The first few eigenvectors (principal components, such as PC1 and PC2 for the first two principal components) can generally describe most of the information about molecular motion. The motion path of a flexible large system with N atoms, such as protein, needs 3N Cartesian coordinates to describe, so it is difficult to understand and intuitively analyze the high-dimensional data.

## 98. MD PDB Prepare

MD PDB Prepare is a structure preparation module before running molecular dynamics. The missing residues in PDB were added using PDBFixer. The protein, nucleic acid, and ligands were extracted and output individually.

## 99. MD RMS

The RMS module calculates the RMSD or RMSF to analyze the structural stability of the system.

## 100. MD RMS (v2)

The RMS module calculates the RMSD or RMSF to analyze the structural stability of the system.

## 101. MD SASA

MD SASA module calculates the solvent accessible surface area (SASA) for a specified group.

## 102. MD SASA (v2)

MD SASA module calculates the solvent accessible surface area (SASA) for a specified group.

## 103. MD Solvation

MD Solvation module adds water box and ions for the system.

## 104. MD Solvation v2

Adds water box and ions for the system. Add user-specified ions in version v2.

## 105. MD Trajectory

MD Trajectory converts Gromacs trajectory file (xtc) into GRO or PDB file for visualization.

## 106. MD Trajectory (v2)

MD Trajectory converts Gromacs trajectory file (xtc) into GRO or PDB file for visualization.

## 107. MHC-I Binding Prediction

MHC-I Binding Prediction is a neural network-based model for predicting MHC-I binding affinity. The model is trained using affinity (BA) and mass spectrometry eluted ligand (MS eluted ligand) data, and it incorporates the prediction of the affinity values and peptide lengths of specific MHC molecules using the NNAlign framework. The NetMHCpan-4.0 method improves the accuracy of predicting tumor neoantigens, validated eluted ligands (ELs), and T-cell epitopes.

## 108. MMPBSA

MMPBSA calculates the binding free energy between the receptor and ligand and provides energy decomposition data, binding constant (Ka), and inhibitor constant (Ki).

## 109. MMPBSA (v2)

MMPBSA calculates the binding free energy between the receptor and ligand and provides energy decomposition data, binding constant (Ka), and inhibitor constant (Ki).

## 110. Membrane Solvation

Membrane Solvation module adds water box and ions for the membrane, receptor, ligand.

## 111. Membrane System Construction

Membrane System Construction module builds the PDB file of the membrane structure.

## 112. Metabolism Site Prediction

Metabolism Site Prediction module predict which sites in a molecule are most liable to metabolism by Cytochrome P450. The supported small-molecule input file formats are SD (.sdf,.sd) and SMILES (.smi).

## 113. Minimize MDP Generation

The Minimize MDP Generation module is primarily used to generate input MDP files that are required for Minimization of Gromacs molecular dynamics simulations.

## 114. Molecular Docking (AutoDock-GPU)

The Molecular Docking (AutoDock-GPU) module is a docking simulation tool used primarily to predict binding modes and interactions between molecules and obtain information such as molecular docking energy and binding affinity. It can also calculate and compare the binding abilities of multiple molecules, making it useful for drug molecule screening, design, and optimization. AutoDock-GPU is the OpenCL and Cuda accelerated version of AutoDock4.2.6, which leverages its embarrassingly parallelizable LGA by processing ligand-receptor poses in parallel over multiple compute units. The supported input formats for ligand files are SD (.sdf, .sd), PDB (.pdb), and MOL (.mol). The supported input format for receptor files is PDB (.pdb).

## 115. Molecular Docking (DiffDock)

Molecular Docking is a diffusion-forming model that has been used for docking between small molecules and proteins. DiffDock achieved a top-1 success rate of 38% (RMSD<2A) on PDBBind, significantly exceeding the previous state-of-the-art of traditional docking (23%) and deep learning (20%) approaches. In addition, while previous methods were unable to butt computationally folded structures (with a maximum accuracy of 10.4%), DiffDock maintained a significantly higher accuracy (21.7%). Finally, DiffDock has fast reasoning times and provides confidence estimates with high selective precision.

## 116. Molecule In Membrane

The Molecule In Membrane module is a structural file that generates receptor/ligand/complex orientation.

## 117. Multiple Sequence Alignment

Align multiple sequences using progressive alignment algorithm for evolutionary analysis, generating phylogenetic trees.

## 118. Multiple Sequence Alignment (MAFFT)

mafft - Multiple alignment program for amino acid or nucleotide sequences

## 119. Mutation Energy of Binding

Mutation Energy of Binding module aims to calculate the effect of mutations on the binding energy of a complex. Based on the input complex structure and mutation files, it builds mutation structures and calculates the binding energy between chains. By comparing with the wild type, it calculates the change in binding energy between chains before and after the mutation. The more negative the energy, the more favorable the mutation is for binding between specified chains.

## 120. Mutation Energy of Binding (GeoPPI)

Deep geometric representations for modeling effects of mutations on protein-protein binding affinity.

## 121. Mutation Energy of Binding (Pythia-PPI)

Deep learning and multi-task learning based prediction of protein-protein binding affinity changes upon mutations.

## 122. Mutation Energy of Stability

Mutation Energy of Stability is used to predict the effect of mutations on protein stability. First, the protein structure is energy optimized, and one or more residues are mutated to new ones. Protein stability analysis is then performed by calculating the change in folding free energy.

## 123. Mutation Energy of Stability (Pythia)

A self-supervised graph neural network for protein stability prediction upon mutation.

## 124. Mutation Energy of Stability (ThermoMPNN)

The Mutation Energy of Stability (ThermoMPNN) module is implemented based on the ThermoMPNN model, a deep neural network model that predicts the stability changes corresponding to a single point mutation based on the initial structure of the protein. The model uses structural features extracted from ProteinMPNN, a deep neural network model that predicts a protein's amino acid sequence based on its three-dimensional structure, to achieve excellent prediction performance on established baseline datasets.

## 125. Mutation Format Conversion

Mutation Format Conversion is a tool to convert the list of mutations applicable to the sequence to a format suitable for the structure by adding the chain name.

## 126. Mutation List Generation

Generate a list of mutations (aka. consensus mutations) from a set of aligned sequences (normally generated by the blast).

## 127. Mutation Score (v2.0)

Mutation Score is a core module in antibody humanization design workflow, which is a structure-based automated scoring module. Based on the structure information of the antibody and the CDR-grafted sequence information, this module quantitatively scores the degree of change before and after the replacement of each amino acid in the FR region. The higher the score, the greater the potential impact of the amino acid replacement on the conformation change of the CDR region during CDR grafting, indicating the need for auto-back mutation. The module outputs the score for each amino acid, which is used for subsequent grouping and generation of humanized antibody sequences in the antibody humanization design workflow.

## 128. Mutation Score (v2.1)

Mutation Score is a core module in antibody humanization design workflow, which is a structure-based automated scoring module. Based on the structure information of the antibody and the CDR-grafted sequence information, this module quantitatively scores the degree of change before and after the replacement of each amino acid in the FR region. The higher the score, the greater the potential impact of the amino acid replacement on the conformation change of the CDR region during CDR grafting, indicating the need for auto-back mutation. The module outputs the score for each amino acid, which is used for subsequent grouping and generation of humanized antibody sequences in the antibody humanization design workflow.

## 129. Mutation Score (v2.3)

Mutation Score is a core module in antibody humanization design workflow, which is a structure-based automated scoring module. Based on the structure information of the antibody and the CDR-grafted sequence information, this module quantitatively scores the degree of change before and after the replacement of each amino acid in the FR region. The higher the score, the greater the potential impact of the amino acid replacement on the conformation change of the CDR region during CDR grafting, indicating the need for auto-back mutation. The module outputs the score for each amino acid, which is used for subsequent grouping and generation of humanized antibody sequences in the antibody humanization design workflow.

## 130. Mutation Score (v2.4)

Mutation Score is a core module in antibody humanization design workflow, which is a structure-based automated scoring module. Based on the structure information of the antibody and the CDR-grafted sequence information, this module quantitatively scores the degree of change before and after the replacement of each amino acid in the FR region. The higher the score, the greater the potential impact of the amino acid replacement on the conformation change of the CDR region during CDR grafting, indicating the need for auto-back mutation. The module outputs the score for each amino acid, which is used for subsequent grouping and generation of humanized antibody sequences in the antibody humanization design workflow.

## 131. NGS Analysis

This module is used for DNA sequence (antibody) analysis after NGS sequencing: IGV, IGD, IGJ clonotype annotation; amino acid sequence translation; antibody numbering and CDR recognition; uncommon residues and high frequency mutations idenfication using protein (antibody) language models (ESM, IgLM); PTM hot-spot liability analysis; Sequence-based physico-chemical property calculation including pI (isoelectric point), molecular weight, hydrophobicity index; sequence clustering; SHM (somatic hyper-mutation) rate calculation, etc.

## 132. NPT MDP Generation

Generate Gromacs MD input file at constant temperature and pressure (NPT).

## 133. Nanobody Humanization (Llamanade)

Nanobody Humanization (Llamanade) module is implemented based on Llamanade, which systematically analyzes the sequence and structural properties of Nbs based on NGS databases and high-resolution structures. A large amount of framework diversity was revealed and key differences between Nbs and human immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies were highlighted. Conserved residues that may contribute to improved solubility, structural stability, and antigen-binding were identified to facilitate the rational humanization of Nbs. It has been successfully applied to humanize a group of structurally diverse and potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralized Nbs. It takes less than a minute to perform a comprehensive humanization analysis of a given Nbs.

## 134. PAINS Filter

Filter Pan-assay Interference molecules (PAINS) from an input file by performing a substructure search using SMARTS pattern and write out appropriate molecules to an output file or simply count the number of filtered molecules.

## 135. PDB File

PDB File is a module for specifying pdb file which could used for other modules input.

## 136. PDB Fixer

The PDB Fixer is a module that fixes problems in the PDB file. It can automatically fix the following problems: add missing heavy atoms; add missing hydrogen atoms; build missing loops; convert non-standard residues to their standard equivalents; select a single position for atoms with multiple alternate positions listed; delete unwanted chains from the model; delete unwanted heterogens; build a water box for explicit solvent simulations.

## 137. PDB Insertion Removal

Renumber the antibody PDB file to remove any insertion codes in UID, to make such PDB compatible with other tools.

## 138. PDB Mutation

Mutate a protein structure in PDB format and return mutated structure.

## 139. PDB ReNumbering

PDB ReNumbering is a tool module that renumbers protein residues and supports renumbering antibody structure with kabat, imgt, and chothia schemes. It takes a protein structure PDB file as input and outputs a renumbered PDB file.

## 140. PTM Hotspot by Sequence

Scan antibody sequences for potential PTM (post-translational modification) hotspots (liabilities). PTM hotspot is a common risk for biologics development. It is generally recommended to use the PTM function in WeSeq for visual analysis. This module is more commonly used for assembling automated workflows.

## 141. PTM Hotspot by Structure

Prediction of isomerization probability of aspartic acid (ASP) site in protein Structure by PTM Hotspot by Structure.

## 142. Patch Analysis

Patch typically refers to regions on the protein surface that are enriched with positively charged, negatively charged, or hydrophobic residues, which can potentially lead to protein-protein interactions or aggregation. Mutations can often be used to eliminate or reduce patches, thereby effectively improving the degree of aggregation or viscosity. This module analyzes the size and distribution of patches on the protein surface to address protein aggregation issues. It is recommended to use the WeView 3D structure visualization editor to utilize this feature, as it allows for a visual inspection of the patch locations within the 3D structure.

## 143. Patent BLAST

A module for sequence retrieval of antibody full-length or CDR region. When retrieving an antibody variable region from a patent, existing BLAST programs (such as NCBI BLAST) usually search the whole sequence, but for antibodies, the function mainly depends on the CDR, FR is relatively not important, and due to the generality of FR, FR of many different antibodies is the same or highly homologous. However, FR accounts for a higher proportion of sequences, resulting in a lot of sequences with similar FR but different CDR by BLAST in the variable region of antibodies. Moreover, in addition to protecting the complete sequence of the variable region during patent application, in many cases, the antibody CDR will also be protected separately to obtain a wider range of protection, so it is necessary to search for homologous sequences with CDR as the target in the process of antibody development. To this end, the Vixon team developed the program, which can retrieve the closest sequence to the target CDR from the existing patent library. Data updated: Dec, 2024

## 144. Patent CDR BLAST

Patent CDR BLAST is a module designed for sequence retrieval of the antibody CDR region. Existing BLAST programs (such as NCBI BLAST) typically search with the entire sequence when searching for an antibody's variable region from a patent. However, for antibodies, function mainly depends on the CDR, with the FR being relatively unimportant. Additionally, due to the universality of the FR, many different antibodies have the same or highly homologous FRs, which results in BLAST searches for the antibody's variable region returning many sequences that are similar in FR but dissimilar in CDR. Furthermore, when filing a patent application, in addition to protecting the sequence of the variable region, many instances also protect the antibody's CDR separately to obtain greater protection. Therefore, when developing antibodies, it is necessary to search for homologous sequences with the CDR as the target. To address this, the WECOMPUT team developed this module that can accurately retrieve sequences from existing patent databases closest to the target CDR and ignore the influence of the FR.

## 145. Patent Sequence Listing

Patent Sequence Listing is a tool for extracting sequences in bulk from patent text files. Many macromolecule patents come with a sequence listing file that contains all the sequences in the patent claims. However, it is difficult for humans to efficiently read and extract these sequences. With this module, all sequences can be extracted in bulk at once. The Image(OCR) is the conversion of image-based protein sequences into 3-letter coded or 1-letter coded sequences.

## 146. Peptide Structure Generation

Peptide Structure Generation is a tool for generating peptide structures based on peptide sequences. Input the amino acid sequence of the peptide, and generate a two-dimensional or three-dimensional structure file of the linear peptide. This tool is generally used for creating small peptide structures.

## 147. Peptide VS

Peptide VS module integrates AutoDock Vina and AutoDock CrankPep for protein-polypeptide docking, thereby predicting the conformation of protein-polypeptide, obtaining the energy of molecular docking and binding affinity.

## 148. Pocket Finder

The Pocket Finder module identifies these pockets based on geometric and physicochemical properties, and its main function is to quickly and accurately identify potential pockets on the protein surface. Protein pockets (or active sites) are small areas on the surface of proteins, usually where drug molecules or other small molecules bind. Identifying these pockets is crucial for drug design and protein function research.

## 149. Property Filter

Property Filter is very versatile and can select a subset of molecules based either on properties imported with the molecule (as from a SDF file) or from calculations on the molecule on the fly. The supported input file formats are: SD (.sdf, .sd). The supported output file formats are: SD (.sdf, .sd).

## 150. Protein BLAST

Protein BLAST is a protein Blast database that integrates sequences from various databases including GenPept, Swissprot, PIR, PDF, PDB, and RefSeq.

## 151. Protein Binder Design (RFDiffusion)

Diffusion models have had considerable success in image and language generative modeling but limited success when applied to protein modeling, likely due to the complexity of protein backbone geometry and sequence-structure relationships. David Baker's group developed RoseTTAFold Diffusion (RFdiffusion), and demonstrate the power and generality of the method, by experimentally characterizing the structures and functions of hundreds of new designs. By fine-tuning the RoseTTAFold structure prediction network on protein structure denoising tasks, they obtain a generative model of protein backbones that achieves outstanding performance on unconditional and topology-constrained protein monomer design, protein binder design, symmetric oligomer design, enzyme active site scaffolding, and symmetric motif scaffolding for therapeutic and metal-binding protein design. In a manner analogous to networks which produce images from user-specified inputs, RFdiffusion enables the design of diverse, complex, functional proteins from simple molecular specifications.

## 152. Protein Design (ABACUS-R)

ABACUS-R is a method based on deep learning for designing amino acid sequences that autonomously fold into a given target backbone. Please cite if you find this module helpful: Liu, Y., Zhang, L., Wang, W. et al. Rotamer-free protein sequence design based on deep learning and self-consistency. Nat Comput Sci. 2022 June 21; 2:451–462.

## 153. Protein Design (LigandMPNN)

LigandMPNN is a deep learning-based protein sequence design method specifically designed to simulate interactions between proteins and non-protein components (such as small molecules, nucleotides, and metals). It is an upgraded version of ProteinMPNN and can incorporate non-protein components into protein design, thereby enhancing the understanding of non-protein-protein interactions.

## 154. Protein Design (ProteinMPNN)

ProteinMPNN is a deep learning-based protein sequence design method that achieves a sequence recovery rate of 52.4% on natural protein scaffolds, compared to 32.9% for Rosetta. Adding noise during the training process can improve the sequence recovery rate of the protein structural model, and the resulting sequences can more robustly encode their structures. X-ray crystallography, cryo-electron microscopy, and functional studies have also demonstrated the wide applicability and high accuracy of ProteinMPNN, which has successfully rescued previously failed protein monomers, cyclic homooligomers, tetrahedral nanoparticles, and target-binding proteins designed using Rosetta or AlphaFold.

## 155. Protein Design (RFDesign)

Protein Design (RFDesign) is a fairly general method for protein design (fantasy and modification) based on RoseTTAFold. In addition to providing the structure and sequence of functional sites that need to be designed, no other input is required. Unlike current non-deep learning methods, it does not require specification of the topology of secondary structure or backbone, and can generate both sequence and structure simultaneously.

## 156. Protein Design (RFDiffusion)

Diffusion models have had considerable success in image and language generative modeling but limited success when applied to protein modeling, likely due to the complexity of protein backbone geometry and sequence-structure relationships. David Baker's group developed RoseTTAFold Diffusion (RFdiffusion), and demonstrate the power and generality of the method, by experimentally characterizing the structures and functions of hundreds of new designs. By fine-tuning the RoseTTAFold structure prediction network on protein structure denoising tasks, they obtain a generative model of protein backbones that achieves outstanding performance on unconditional and topology-constrained protein monomer design, protein binder design, symmetric oligomer design, enzyme active site scaffolding, and symmetric motif scaffolding for therapeutic and metal-binding protein design. In a manner analogous to networks which produce images from user-specified inputs, RFdiffusion enables the design of diverse, complex, functional proteins from simple molecular specifications.

## 157. Protein Docking (FRODOCK)

FRODOCK is capable of performing detailed 6D docking between two protein structures. This approximation allows for the efficient generation of potential predictions regarding how these two proteins may interact with each other. Since it is a rigid-body approximation, it is only effective when the expected conformational changes upon binding are minimal and is typically used as the initial step for docking, followed by further flexible docking.

## 158. Protein Docking (HDOCK)

HDOCK is a fast protein-protein docking program that integrates homology search, template-based modeling, structure prediction, large molecule docking, and bioinformatics integration. The server employs a hybrid docking strategy to predict binding complexes between two types of molecules, such as proteins and nucleic acids. It utilizes a combination of template-based modeling and de novo docking algorithms for protein-protein and protein-DNA/RNA docking.

## 159. Protein Isoelectric Point (pI)

Protein Isoelectric Point module is used to calculate the isoelectric point of protein, that is, the pH at which a particular molecule carries no net electrical charge, is an critical parameter for many analytical biochemistry and proteomics techniques, especially for 2D gel electrophoresis (2D-PAGE), capillary isoelectric focusing (cIEF), X-ray crystallography and liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry (LC-MS)

## 160. Protein Physico-chemical Properties

Protein Physico-chemical Properties is a module for calculating the physicochemical properties of protein sequences. The computed properties include molecular weight, isoelectric point, extinction coefficient, instability index, aromaticity, grand average of hydropathicity (GRAVY), and secondary structure composition.

## 161. Protein Protonation

The protein Protonation module predicts the pKa value for each protein residue using PROPKA3 and determines the protonation state based on the pH values.

## 162. Protein Sequence Generation (ProGen)

ProGen, a language model that can generate protein sequences with a predictable function across large protein families, akin to generating grammatically and semantically correct natural language sentences on diverse topics. The model was trained on 280 million protein sequences from >19,000 families and is augmented with control tags specifying protein properties. ProGen can be further fine-tuned to curated sequences and tags to improve controllable generation performance of proteins from families with sufficient homologous samples.

## 163. Protein Structure Prediction (AlphaFold2)

AlphaFold2 is a highly accurate protein structure prediction tool and is one of the most precise methods currently available, even approaching experimental levels. Version 2.1.0.

## 164. Protein Structure Prediction (AlphaFold2.3.0)

AlphaFold2 is currently one of the best protein structure prediction methods in the industry developed by DeepMind. In the 2020 protein structure prediction competition CASP14, AlphaFold2 achieved a score of nearly 90 points, ranking first and significantly ahead of the second place. It predicts the structures of most proteins with a difference of only one atom from the true structure, reaching the level of human observation and prediction using complex instruments such as cryo-electron microscopy. This is an unprecedented breakthrough in the history of protein structure prediction. Subsequent updated versions support the prediction of complex structures, including protein-peptide complexes. AlphaFold2 is a highly accurate protein structure prediction package. Version: 2.3.0

## 165. Protein Structure Prediction (AlphaFold2.3.2)

AlphaFold2 is a highly accurate protein structure prediction package. This is a completely new model that was entered in CASP14 and published in Nature. Version: v2.3.2. It is recommended to use AF3-like modules (such as Boltz-1, Chai-1, HelixFold3, and Protenix).

## 166. Protein Structure Prediction (ESMFold)

ESMFold is a protein structure prediction model developed by Meta company, which uses a large language model to directly infer structure from the primary sequence. It predicts structures 60 times faster than AlphaFold while maintaining resolution and accuracy.

## 167. Protein Structure Prediction (RaptorX-Single)

Protein Structure Prediction (RaptorX-Single) module is implemented based on the RaptorX-Single algorithm, which is a single sequence-based protein structure prediction method that does not require multiple sequence alignment (MSA) information. It integrates multiple protein language models and a structure generation module. The results show that RaptorX-Single, in addition to running faster than MSA-based methods such as AlphaFold2, also outperforms AlphaFold2 and other MSA-free methods in predicting antibody structures, proteins with very few homologous sequences, and single mutation effects. RaptorX-Single also outperforms AlphaFold2 when predicting protein sequences with a large number of homologous sequences.

## 168. Protein-Protein Interaction (STRING)

Protein-Protein Interaction (STRING) is a module for extracting protein interactions based on STRING. STRING is a protein interaction network database that includes both direct physical interactions and indirect functional associations between proteins.

## 169. RNA 3D Structure Prediction

Build three-dimensional de novo models of RNAs of sizes up to ~300 nts, given secondary structure and experimental constraints. Besides the RNA sequence to predict, you also need to provide a secondary structure file: a text file with secondary structure described in the dot-parentheses notation.

## 170. RNA Secondary Structure Prediction

Predict secondary structures of single-stranded RNA or DNA sequences using dynamic programming algorithms which yield a single optimal structure and the minimum free energy.

## 171. Ramachandran Plots

Evaluate the quality of models after homology modeling, focusing on the reasonableness of the protein's conformation without considering energy issues.

## 172. Receptor-Based Peptide Design

Receptor-Based Peptide Design is used for binding peptide design based on receptor structure (currently single-strand supported).

## 173. Replace Chain Name

Performs in-place replacement of a chain identifier by another.

## 174. Restrained Complex Structure Prediction

The Restrained Complex Structure Prediction module is implemented based on the ColabDock framework, which significantly improves the accuracy of protein-protein docking prediction by integrating multiple experimental constraints.

## 175. Retrosynthetic Prediction (AiZynthFinder)

Retrosynthetic Prediction (AiZynthFinder) is a tool for retrosynthetic planning. The algorithm is based on a Monte Carlo tree search that recursively breaks down a molecule to purchasable precursors. The tree search is guided by a policy that suggests possible precursors by utilizing a neural network trained on a library of known reaction templates.

## 176. SD File

SD File is a module for specifying small molecule structure in SDF format which could be used for multiple modules.

## 177. SDF File Split

SDF File Split is a tool for splitting an SD File into multiple SD files. Each new SD File contains a compound subset of similar size from the initial file.

## 178. SDF Viewer

SDF Viewer is a visualization tool for the small molecular library. Generate an interactive HTML table with columns corresponding to molecules and available alphanumerical data in an input file.

## 179. Salts Removal

Remove salts from molecules or simply count the number of molecules containing salts.

## 180. Scaffold Constrained Generation

During the optimization of a lead series, it is common to have scaffold constraints imposed on the structure of the molecules designed. Without enforcing such constraints, the probability of generating molecules with the required scaffold is extremely low and hinders the practicality of generative models for de novo drug design.

## 181. SeqKit

Ultrafast comprehensive toolkit for FASTA/Q processing, rapidly accomplishing common FASTA/Q file manipulations.

## 182. Sequence Clustering

Sequence clustering uses the DBSCAN algorithm to perform cluster analysis on the results of multiple sequence alignment (MSA), dividing multiple sequences into multiple cluster categories, and using the visualization module UMAP to embed sequences and obtain two-dimensional visualization information.

## 183. Sequence Embedding Generation

The Sequence Embedding Generation module is based on ESMFold's large-scale pre-trained protein language model. embeddings of sequences can be extracted to predict downstream sequence properties (such as affinity changes and stability changes corresponding to mutations, developability of antibody sequences, etc.) and provide sequence features for the training of discriminant models. ESM model is a universal protein language model. Sequence databases such as UniRef50/90 (tens of millions of sequences) are used for model training, and various models with different reference numbers (8 million, 35 million, 150 million, 650 million, 3 billion, 15 billion) are provided. It can be used to predict structure, function, and other protein properties directly from protein sequences. For example, in structure prediction, ESM avoids the need for external evolutionary databases, MSA and templates, and the calculation accuracy is close to AlphaFold2 (when MSA information exists). When MSA information is not available, ESMFold is significantly better than AlphaFold2. Computations are tens of times faster than AlphaFold2.

## 184. Sequence Mutagenesis (Directed)

Generate mutants based on a template sequence in batch. User could define all mutation locations and the mutated amino acids in a text file.

## 185. Sequence Mutagenesis (Directed) for Ab

Generate sequences of mutated antibody sequences based on a template antibody sequence and a mutation file (json) listing all mutations (normally the mutation file is automatically generated by BLAST and MSA). This is useful for high-throughput antibody engineering design.

## 186. Sequence Mutagenesis (Saturated)

Enumerate all possible point mutations at specified positions in a protein sequence, and generate text files for all corresponding mutations and mutant sequence files.

## 187. Sequence Mutation

Sequence Mutation is a protein sequence mutation module used to generate mutated sequences in bulk for specific sites. Mutation strategies include position-based mutations, homology-based mutations, mutations based on antibody CDR regions, and mutations based on both antibody CDR regions and homology. The types of mutations supported include alanine scanning, histidine mutation, and saturation mutagenesis.

## 188. Sequence Translation

Sequence Translation is a tool for Translating DNA sequences into RNA and protein sequences.

## 189. Small Molecule Minimization

Small Molecule Minimization is a small molecule energy minimization optimization tool that generates optimized 3D structure. UFF or MMFF molecular forcefields could be used for energy minimization. Conformation sampling methods, SDG, ETDG, KDG, and ETKDG could be used for generating initial 3D coordinates.

## 190. Solubility Score

Sequence-based protein solubility prediction.

## 191. Solvent Exposure (SASA)

The Residue SASA Calculation module calculates the solvent accessible surface area of residue based on structure PDB file.

## 192. Structural Alignment

Structural Alignment is a tool for the sequence-based structural alignment of two proteins. Performs a global pairwise alignment between two sequences using the BLOSUM62 matrix and the Needleman-Wunsch algorithm. Returns the alignment, the sequence identity, and the residue mapping between both original sequences.

## 193. Structural Alignment (USalign)

Structural Alignment (USalign) is a structural superposition tool based on USalign.

## 194. Structural Energy

Calculate the energy of multiple protein structures based on a physical model (molecular mechanics empirical force field) and compare it with the reference protein.

## 195. Structure Clustering

Structure Clustering is a small molecule clustering molecules based on a variety of 2D fingerprints using hierarchical clustering methodology.

## 196. Structure Evolution

Structure Evolution module is implemented based on the ESMIF model. The ESMIF inverse folding model aims to predict protein sequences based on the atomic coordinates of the protein backbone. The model is trained on 12 million protein structures predicted by AlphaFold2, and it includes an invariant geometric input processing layer followed by a sequence-to-sequence Transformer. It achieves a 51% local sequence recovery rate for backbone sequences that remain invariant in structure and a 72% recovery rate for buried residues. The model is also trained with span masking, allowing it to tolerate missing backbone coordinates, thus enabling the prediction of sequences for partially masked structures. This module can be used for both affinity maturation and stability optimization.

## 197. Structure Minimization

Structure Minimization is a structure optimization module, supporting three methods: hydrogen atom optimization, amino acid side chain optimization, and overall optimization.

## 198. Structure Mutagenesis

The Structure Mutagenesis module obtains protein sequence information from protein structure files and performs saturation mutagenesis or alanine mutagenesis at specified sites to generate a mutation file and a mutated sequence file containing mutation information. This module is used for subsequent structural mutation analysis in other modules.

## 199. Structure Prediction (Boltz-1)

Developed based on the Boltz-1 model, Boltz-1 is an open-source deep learning model that integrates innovations in model architecture, speed optimization, and data processing. It achieves AlphaFold3-level accuracy in predicting the 3D structures of biomolecular complexes. Boltz-1 demonstrates performance comparable to state-of-the-art commercial models across a range of benchmarks, setting a new standard for commercially usable tools in structural biology.

## 200. Structure Prediction (Chai-1)

Structure prediction using Chai-1, supporting protein, dna, rna, ions, ligands.

## 201. Structure Prediction (HelixFold3)

HelixFold3, developed by the Baidu PaddleHelix team, is comparable to AlphaFold3 in the accuracy of structure prediction of conventional small molecule ligands, nucleic acid molecules (including DNA and RNA), and proteins.

## 202. Structure Prediction (Protenix)

Protenix is the PyTorch version of the AlphaFold3 model reproduced by the AML AI4Science team at ByteDance. Here is a summary of the main contributions from the ByteDance AML AI4Science team: - Model Performance: Protenix has been benchmarked against existing models, demonstrating strong performance in structure prediction across different types of molecules. As a fully open-source model, it enables researchers to generate new predictions and fine-tune the model to meet specific application needs. - Methodology: During the reproduction process, Protenix was implemented based on the description of AF3, optimizing some ambiguous steps, correcting typographical errors, and making targeted adjustments based on model behavior. By sharing our reproduction experience, we hope to support the community in further advancing the field based on these improvements. - Accessibility: Protenix has been open-sourced, providing model weights, inference code, and training code for research purposes.

## 203. Structure Prediction (RFAA)

The Biomolecular Structure Prediction (RFAA) module is implemented based on the RoseTTAFold All-Atom (RFAA) method. RFAA relies on the network framework of RoseTTAFold itself, with relevant information of small molecules being appropriately input. RFAA is comparable to AlphaFold2 in terms of accuracy in protein structure prediction and also performs exceptionally well in flexible backbone small molecule docking. It can provide reasonable predictions for protein structures, multiple nucleic acid chains, and small molecule complexes.

## 204. Structure Prediction (WFold)

A third-party implementation of an AlphaFold3-like structure prediction model, with prediction results generally consistent with those of AF3, and accuracy surpassing that of AF2.

## 205. Structure Preparation

Structure Preparation is a protein structure preparation module used for adding missing atoms and residues, as well as for protonation determination and hydrogenation of protein amino acid residues.

## 206. Structure Relax

The Structure Relax module is used to eliminate unreasonable conformations in crystal structures, optimize structures designed with point mutations, and compare energy levels of multiple structures. The module searches for the optimal conformation within the local energy barriers of a given 3D structure through multiple iterations of amino acid side chain rearrangement and energy minimization calculations.

## 207. Substructure Search

Substructure Search is a tool for structure searching against a small molecule library file using a specified substructure and writing out the matched molecules to an output file. Substructure search is a common operation in cheminformatics research and can also be used for virtual screening to search for molecules containing specific functional fragments from small molecule commercial libraries for subsequent experimental validation.

## 208. Synthetic Accessibility Score

The SA Score (synthetic accessibility score) is an index for evaluating the feasibility of compound synthesis, which indicates whether a compound is easy to synthesize. The synthesis difficulty of small molecules was evaluated with values ranging from 1 to 10. The closer to 1, the easier to synthesize, and the closer to 10, the more difficult to synthesize. SA Score has become a commonly used indicator to predict the synthetic feasibility of new compounds and accelerate compound screening and drug discovery processes.

## 209. TCM Chemical Ingredients

TCM Chemical Ingredients is a module for extracting chemical structures of Chinese herbs.

## 210. TCR-pMHC Complex Structure Prediction

The cellular immune system is a crucial component of the human immune response, utilizing T cell receptors (TCRs) to recognize peptide-form antigens presented by major histocompatibility complex (MHC) proteins. Accurately defining the structural basis of TCRs and their binding to peptide-MHC complexes can provide important insights into both normal and abnormal immune responses and assist in guiding the design of vaccines and immunotherapies. Given the limited number of experimentally determined TCR-peptide-MHC structures and the vast number of TCRs and antigen targets within each individual, accurate modeling methods are needed. This module is based on TCRmodel2, which optimizes TCR-peptide-MHC complex modeling on the foundation of AlphaFold. It achieves comparable or higher accuracy than native AlphaFold and other benchmark-based TCR-peptide-MHC modeling methods, completing complex structure predictions within 30 minutes.

## 211. Target Prediction (FastTargetPred)

Target Prediction (FastTargetPred) is a small molecule target prediction module based on 2D similarity. Active molecules and target data are derived from ChEMBL database.

## 212. Target Prioritization (OpenTargets)

Target Prioritization (OpenTargets) is a module for extracting disease-related target proteins, based on the OpenTarget database and its disease-target association scoring method.

## 213. Target-based Cyclic Peptide Design

The target-based Cyclic Peptide Design module is based on the Evobind2 model, which is based on AF2 and aims to design novel Head-to-Tail cyclic peptides based on Target protein sequences. The high affinity combination can be directly selected by the predicted confidence index, the binding site can be specified, and the adversarial design can be avoided by isomer evaluation, which greatly improves the success rate.

## 214. Template-guided Structure Prediction

Template-guided structure prediction is based on a custom protein structure Template, and colabfold is used to predict protein structure.

## 215. Therapeutic Antibody Profiler

The Therapeutic Antibody Profiler (TAP) compares your antibody variable domain sequence against multiple developability guidelines derived from clinical-stage therapeutic values. TAP calculates the following properties to see if your antibody design is commenserate with those of clinical-stage therapeutics: Patches of Surface Hydrophobicity (PSH) metric across the CDR Vicinity Patches of Positive Charge (PPC) metric across the CDR Vicinity Patches of Negative Charge (PNC) metric across the CDR Vicinity Structural Fv Charge Symmetry Parameter (SFvCSP)

## 216. Thermostability Prediction

Thermostability Prediction, developed based on TemBERTure, is a deep learning tool designed to predict protein thermostability, focusing on amino acid sequence analysis. It includes two models: TemBERTureCLS and TemBERTureTm. TemBERTureCLS is a classification model used to predict the thermal category of a protein sequence, determining whether it is thermophilic or non-thermophilic. TemBERTureTm is a regression model used to predict the melting temperature (Tm) of a protein based on its sequence. Both models are based on the protBERT-BFD language model, which has been pre-trained on a large dataset of protein sequences. By using an adapter-based fine-tuning approach, TemBERTure can efficiently and robustly adapt to specific tasks without the need for extensive retraining.

## 217. Toxic Fragment Identification

AlphaTox is a toxicity prediction and toxicity fragment detection module for small molecules. Toxicity fragments were collected from the reported literatures.

## 218. Tumor Gene Expression (TCGA)

Plot gene expression in normal and tumor tissues, based on databases TCGA and GTEx. It retrieves the expression of specified genes in tumors and normal tissues, counts and maps the gene expression differences of tumor cells, tumor tissues, and normal tissues, etc., to help drug target selection and decision-making.

## 219. Venn Diagram Plot

Venn Diagram Plot is a module for creating Venn diagrams, commonly used to compare the overlapping areas of two sets and to extract the common elements. For example, it can be used in traditional Chinese medicine network pharmacology analysis to extract the intersection of predicted targets of traditional Chinese medicine components and disease-related targets.

## 220. mRNA 5'UTRs optimization

mRNA 5' UTRs optimization is implemented based on the Smart5UTR model. Smart5UTR is a novel deep generative model designed to create N1-methyl-pseudouridine (m1Ψ) 5' UTRs in mRNA sequences. Smart5UTR utilizes a multi-task autoencoder framework to effectively generate 5' UTR sequences by leveraging latent features learned from large datasets. The performance of mRNAs designed by Smart5UTR has been validated through both in vitro and in vivo experiments. This powerful tool simplifies the design of m1Ψ-5' UTRs and contributes to the development of more effective mRNA therapies.

## 221. mRNA Optimization (AlphaRNA)

mRNA Optimization (AlphaRNA) can optimize mRNA sequences for better codon usage bias and more stable secondary structures, to enhance its expression level, half-life, antibody titer, etc. When inputting UTR, if fixed UTR is selected, only the CDS region will be optimized. If fixed UTR is not selected, both UTR and CDS will still be optimized simultaneously. If you do not want CDS to be paired with UTR and only optimize CDS itself, you do not need to input UTR, just input CDS.

## 222. siRNA Designer

siRNA Designer designs siRNA molecular sequences based on target gene sequences.
